Arhant Terang

terangarhant@gmail.com

91 7337844849

Bangalore

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Journalism & Mass Communication (B.J.M.C.)

St Joseph's College

2020  2023

Senior Secondary (XII, Arts

The Assam Valley School

ISC board)

Year of completion: 2020

Percentage: 89.00%

WORK EXPERIENCE

Business Development Associate

Intrainz, Bangalore

Job • Aug 2023  Dec 2023 4 months)

I was working as a business development associate , i played
a crucial role in the day to day working of the company by
attracting various clients from all types of background .

Sports Writer And Social Media Management

SPORTS MANOR, Bangalore

Job • Apr 2022  Jul 2023 1 year 4 months)

As a social media manager and writer, I have had the
opportunity to craft engaging content and manage online
communities across various platforms. I've strategized and
executed campaigns, engaging with audiences, fostering
relationship.

NGO

Sakhi Ngo For Women And Children, Bangalore

Job • Jan 2022  May 2023 1 year 4 months)

I worked in an NGO based in Bangalore called Sakhi , which
specialises on women and children. We conduct search and
rescue for troubled children, conduct various donation drive
etc

Business Development (Sales)

Little Dragon Restaurant, Diphu

Internship • Jan 2021  Present (2 years 11 months)

As a Business Development Sales professional at Little Dragon
Restaurant, I strategically drive revenue growth by nurturing
client relationships and identifying new opportunities.
Leveraging my expertise in sales techniques.

POSITIONS OF
RESPONSIBILITY

2023 Head of NETSF(northeast and Tibetan student
forum)which is a forum created to cater the need of students
from northeast and Tibet while organising various programs
related to culture, food, awareness etc.A part of st.josephs
University Bangalore

TRAININGS

Media Literacy And Research Skills

Kartys Digital Academy, Bangalore

Feb 2023  Mar 2023

PROJECTS

Investigation of the impact of technology on local business

Jan 2022  Mar 2022

investigate the impact of technology on local businesses,
exploring how they adapt, succeed, or face challenges in the
rapidly changing digital landscape. This could involve
interviews, data analysis, and providing insights.

SKILLS

Canva

Intermediate

Content Writing

Intermediate

Client Interaction

Intermediate

Content Marketing

Intermediate

Marketing Strategies

Project Management

Intermediate

Copywriting

Beginner

MSExcel

Beginner

Intermediate

WordPress

Intermediate

Marketing Campaigns

Intermediate

Business Analysis

Business Research

Intermediate

Intermediate

WORK SAMPLES

Blog link

https://sportsmanor.com/

ADDITIONAL DETAILS

I am an avid football fan and represented my district as
captain for state football championship of Assam.
I believe i possess various leadership skill and can lead a team
of individuals.

