Ravali Thongala

ravali.thongala29@gmail.com

+91 9701842403

Hyderabad

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc)

Mims Degree College

2015 - 2018

WORK EXPERIENCE

TECHNICAL SUPPORT ASSOCIATE (D2AS)

Amazon, Hyderabad

Job • May 2023 - Aug 2023 (3 months)

Expertise in D2 products and technical support in an
evolving environment of interconnected devices and
services. This dynamic role encompasses a blended
process, involving voice, chat, and email support to
ensure comprehensive assistance

Process Executive

Cognizant, Hyderabad

Job • Jun 2021 - Nov 2022 (1 year 5 months)

Process Associate with experience in data veriﬁcation ,
transcription and blended process Critical thinker who
consistently exceeds performance standards.

TRAININGS

Social Media Marketing

Internshala Trainings, Online

Feb 2024 - Feb 2024

Google Display

Internshala Trainings, Online

Feb 2024 - Feb 2024

Google Search

Internshala Trainings, Online

Jan 2024 - Jan 2024

SEO

Internshala Trainings, Online

Dec 2023 - Jan 2024

Content & Email Marketing

Internshala Trainings, Online

Dec 2023 - Dec 2023

Blogging And Google Analytics

Internshala Trainings, Online

Nov 2023 - Nov 2023

GENERAL APTITUDE

Internshala Trainings, Online

Nov 2023 - Feb 2024

Successfully completed a 6 weeks online certiﬁed training
on General Aptitude. The training consisted of Aptitude
evaluation, Reading Comprehension, Quantitative
Aptitude, Logical Reasoning, and Data Interpretation
modules. In the ﬁnal assessment, I scored 71% marks.   

PROJECTS

Google Search Ad Campaign

Jan 2024 - Feb 2024

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/google-search-
dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781745/65c38ae18f7
f9.zip

Created a Google Search campaign in Google Ads by
selecting right keywords, writing impactful ads, and
selecting appropriate bids for the keywords

Google Display Ad Campaign

Feb 2024 - Feb 2024

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/google-display-
dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781746/65d63fa31a
1c2.zip

Created a banner campaign showcasing products on an
e-commerce site.I also selected audience based on the
products to be marketed and bid appropriately

Facebook Shopping Page

Feb 2024 - Feb 2024

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/social-media-
marketing-dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781747/65e080a854
61f.zip

"Created a Facebook page for a business and showcased
products so that users can select and buy from my page
itself

SEO Audit & Report

Jan 2024 - Jan 2024

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/seo-dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781744/65a28eﬀ158
65.zip

Conducted an SEO audit for a website and submitted a
report on how the website can drive more organic traﬃc
& move up in the ranks of Google Search Results

Plan Content & Email Campaign

Dec 2023 - Dec 2023

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/content-and-
email-marketing-dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781743/657c84a70d
52e.zip

Created an email marketing campaign, sent it to my
contacts and measured the impact of the campaign.

Publish Blog & Submit GA Report

Nov 2023 - Nov 2023

https://trainings.internshala.com/uploads/blogging-and-
google-analytics-dm-
specialization/uploads/projects/v_3/3781742/655dbf8dd9
39c.zip

Created and published my own blog and linked it with
Google Analytics. I also added 5+ posts and analysed the
traﬃc in the Google Analytics account

SKILLS

Google Analytics

Blogging

Intermediate

Intermediate

Content Marketing

Email Marketing

Intermediate

Intermediate

Search Engine
Optimization (SEO)

Search Engine
Marketing (SEM)

Intermediate

Intermediate

Digital Advertising

Display Advertising

Intermediate

Intermediate

Social Media
Marketing

Intermediate

